Aisys CS2 is a technologically sophisticated class of digital Carestation. Anchoring the Aisys CS2 is a sleek user-interface enabled by a 15-inch touchscreen display. The ecoFLOW display option provides a graphical representation of oxygen flow and anesthetic agent use . EcoFLOW graph can show you your preset target and calculate the cost of your agent consumed in real-time. Clinicians use the ecoflow graphical information to adjust oxygen flow to maintain their desired inspired oxygen concentration and avoid unnecessarily high fresh gas flow rates. Modular and upgradeable, with Aisys CS2 you're planning for the future while protecting your investment. Benefits: Aisys CS2 features a movable 15-inch touch ventilator display screen for a unified exceptional CARESCAPETM-inspired user experience.  With timesaving quick pick choices, flat menus and tunneling alarms, the Aisys CS2 can help you deliver precise care with a personal touch every day. Electronic agent control helps provide exceptional benefits, such as automatic record keeping of set agent concentrations and agent usage calculations. ecoFLOW Benefits: ecoFLOW provides information that may help clinicians maintain their desired inspired oxygen concentration. During low and minimum flow anesthesia, ecoFLOW displays agent consumption data that can help in mitigating wasteful over delivery of fresh gas flow. Why use less agent: Using less agent means spending less money which can have a positive impact on your bottom line. The environmental impact is lessened when waste gases are reduced by agent control. Modularity, Flexibility and Alarm Management: GE's digital platform serves as a foundation from which to build innovative solutions to help you transform the anesthesia experience of the future. The INviewTM Patient Displays are mounted on a movable arm with 360°of rotation to allow flexibility and countless position choices to suit clinician preference. The INview system places critical information and controls in view and within reach. To help reduce alarm fatigue and avoid false alarms during mechanical ventilation auto alarm is used. Auto Alarm Limits software to help clinicians manage CO2 limit alarms and MV/TV alarm limits on a case-by-case basis. Auto alarm includes a mechanism to apply upper and lower limits for MV, TV, RR and EtCO2. The limits are calculated using a predefined formula based on the current measured values for these parameters during an individual case for tailored patient care.
