The 9100c NXT is the new upgraded platform of our gold standard product 9100c. 9100c NXT is a precise, versatile and dependable anesthesia system and has neonatal capabilities and ventilation modes. 9100c NXT is a versatile choice for day care, low-medium acuity and multi-specialty hospitals. It is based on GE/Datex Ohmeda's legacy of 100+ years of innovation and trust. This product is scalable across a wide range of patient groups and surgical procedures. Benefits and Features:Precise,versatile and dependable. Precise: Enables you to effectively deliver anesthesia and foster seamless recovery. Dual flow sensors for precise volume and pressure delivery to the patient wye, breath by breath, to help reduce the challenges in managing neonatal and pediatric patients. Hypoxia guard and apnea back-up to prevent patient hypoxia and can Detect leak with spirometry, ascending bellows, and low airway pressure alarm. Spirometry and high airway pressure alarm to detect blockages.Precise delivery of TV and AA.Small internal volume of 2.6L and non-decoupled fresh gas delivery enabling rapid machine responsiveness. Versatile: Scalable across a wide range of patient groups and surgical procedures. TV monitoring and delivery as low as 5ml in pressure control ventilation and as low as 20ml in volume control ventilation.Delivers sustained target pressure with decelerating flow that adapts to patient’s respiratory mechanics allowing improved alveolar gas exchange and enhanced oxygenation. Spirometry, with ability to save and compare reference loops for continuous monitoring of ventilatory status. EZChange CO2 bypass system enables removal of the absorbent canister from the patient circuit without introducing leaks into the breathing system.  good because canister change without leaks to breathing system is possible in long duration surgery. Availability of SIMV, PSVProTM, and apnea backup. ICU quality ventilator with ultra-sensitive trigger delay of 47 milliseconds to detect patient breath effort. Dependable: Based on GE/Datex Ohmeda’ s 100+ years of legacy of innovation and tr ust.>100,000 units  of 9100c sold and trusted by clinicians across the world . 19,000 hours of reliability and endurance testing equaling ~ 45,000 simulated cases as it shares the same reliable parts used in GE/Datex-Ohmeda anesthesia workstations such as AISYS CS2, Avance CS2, Aisys CS2 and Aespire.Backed by industry leading extended warranty to ensure cost-effective care.Easy to operate as it employs well-known Datex Ohmeda workflows, on screen prompts and tip messages, audio alarms, simple one step bag-to-vent switch and direct access to ventilator parameter screens.Pre-use machine directed checks that prepare the device for patient use in < 5 minutes. Easy to maintain: it is available with web/mobile-based maintenance resources and machine directed calibration workflows for its readiness in <5 minutes.